a Ubi Universal basic income and cbdc
Central Bank digital currency are coming
we know that they will have to use a
particular crisis to take advantage of
this and of course roll this out to the
public it will be globally and we know
this to be the case because they're all
working on it right now I'm going to
tell you today how they can not only
roll these out but they will combine
them together I'm going to tell you
about all the potential measures in
which they can do this and why what
excuses they can use that's the way
these things are done unprecedented
events result in certain
consequences and we'll explain that here
and now in the previous videos to this
we looked at how they had rolled out
things that they never did before but
now today we're going to look at this
specifically this is the most worrisome
event that we could see in the coming
years and I want to make sure everybody
knows what we could be in for so let's
listen close direct and efficient
payments one of the main arguments for
cbdcs is the efficiency of digital
transactions in a crisis scenario if a
government decides to implement Ubi as a
response a cbdc could be the quickest
and most efficient way to distribute
These funds to Citizens Traditional Bank
transfers could be slower and might
exclude those without bank accounts you
see that we have a crisis on our hands
you need the money quickly sign here on
the dot this is just one potential but
it of course is one of many let's talk
about others Financial inclusion
cbdcs could potentially reach a wider
range of the population espec especially
those who are unbanked or underbanked by
combining cbdcs with a Ubi governments
could ensure that everyone irrespective
of their engagement with traditional
banking systems receives their support
you see it doesn't have to come from the
government it can come from the central
bank there's a crisis the Federal
Reserve steps in as we saw in video
number two that they can come in they
could take advantage of the circumstance
and say we are going to go around and
sidestep the boundaries that were
previously set up and we will be able to
give you this money directly I know
you're suffering and so all you need to
do is sign up here put your credentials
in and now your phone becomes your
Central Bank digital currency access
you've got
Ubi just sign up right here and of
course if people are in a crisis they're
going to take the money stimulating
spending to combat economic downturns
governments often aim to stimulate
spending with cbdcs it's possible that
the program that currency in such a way
that it encourages spending for example
the Ubi distributed could have an
expiration date prompting recipients to
spend it more quickly now in the example
of the one that was rolled out in China
there was an expiry date now the claim
here is that this was done because it
was part of a beta test but understand
that unlike a paper currency or
something actual physical metals or
something that we would decide when we
would spend that we could put it into a
bank vault we can put it under our
mattress
we decide but when it's digital it's out
of our hands we cannot control what the
bank does with it and of course what the
Federal Reserve would do with it and so
that's when we start to seed control to
another institution and we must be
mindful of this more now than ever
before greater oversight and data
collection cbdcs would allow government
greater oversight into how Ubi funds are
spent this could help in refining
policies although it raises concerns
about privacy and surveillance so if
they said we want to give you Ubi but
only to be spent here well then they
would be able to decide that and we have
seen the examples and even looked at for
instance Brazil and they
cbdc where they have the ability to shut
it on or off depending on your
circumstance that is programmed into the
code they open source their code and
it's there we know that conditional Ubi
while Ubi is traditionally unconditional
with cbdcs it's conceivable to introduce
conditions if desire for example digital
funds could be programmed to be only
spent on Essentials like food housing or
education and so it's very important to
realize this that they could say we
don't want you to spend it here at that
store not at the small business they
can't accept cbdcs only at the big box
stores only here where we say it's okay
and so that's how they can also control
the economy it was kind of like that
during 2020 do you see what I'm saying
here do you remember Mom and pop shops
they couldn't stay open oh but the big
box stores they were okay I hope you
understand what I'm saying here this
three-part series breaks that all down
and I think it's really important to
realize how each part is connected I
explain it in this way to make it very
easy so we can see the past cycles and
look at them in depth each one breaking
it down further and further
we could have this example and we could
look at this and realize that they have
any number of excuses to bring it in but
let's just cover another adaptive Ubi
rates the rate of Ubi could be
dynamically adjusted based on economic
conditions if the cbdc infrastructure is
integrated with realtime economic
indicators it might allow for adaptive
Ubi rates increased ining during severe
downturns and tapering off during
economic Booms for instance what if
inflation went from 10% to 20% well your
Ubi maybe they can increase that and it
would be as simple as a snap for them to
get that done and of course if they were
to do so another way with a check in the
mail oh no this is too slow it's too
expensive we need to do this through the
Central Bank digital currency you see
what I'm saying here tax integration
cbdcs could simplify the taxation
process if Ubi becomes a significant
source of income for many the tax system
could be integrated into the cbdc
platform automatically deducting taxes
where applicable oh we want to make sure
that everybody's paying their fair share
so we just need to implement this system
and it's all good they can use any
excuse Global collaboration if multiple
countries adopt the cbdcs then there's
potential for international
collaboration for instance richer
Nations could support Ubi initiatives in
poorer Nations through direct cbdc
transfers especially in a global crisis
that requires coordinated responses and
we did see that we have seen that but
now it would be much easier for them to
do just that do you see you don't have
any form of control in these
circumstances it's just like that your
currency being sent somewhere else
without your knowledge addressing
inflation concerns one of the criticisms
of Ubi is the potential for inflation
with cbdc central banks could have a
more direct tool at their disposal to
manage inflation such as adjusting
interest rates in real time and they
would be able to fully control that now
of course there's
much more to that but this is what they
would
say resilience against the financial
system failures in a crisis where
traditional banks are at risk like we
had in 2008 having a cbdc system in
place could provide an alternative
resilient platform for Distributing Ubi
and maintaining some level of economic
activity and what they would say is the
banks are not to be trusted but you can
trust us and it looks like they may in
fact go ahead with this we don't know
the exact implementation we don't know
how each part will come to be but in
this video we broke down many different
examples many different possibilities of
how this will come to fruition what do
you think will happen how do you think
this will unfold and what crisis will be
the Catalyst to eventually bring this to
reality I hope you appreciated this
series I wanted to make it real simple
and easy for everybody to understand
know that a Ubi is being tested that a
cbdc is being built right before our
very eyes that all of these measures
while they seem far-fetched and
impossible are no different than the
many EX examples we covered in part two
and part one and you will see for
yourself how a crisis gives them an
opportunity for a solution and that
solution of course benefits the few at
the expense of the many